CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Eclipse Tractus-X

Thanks for your interest in this project.

## Project description

The companies involved want to increase the automotive industry's
competitiveness, improve efficiency through industry-specific cooperation and
accelerate company processes through standardization and access to information
and data. A special focus is also on SMEs, whose active participation is of
central importance for the networkâ€™s success. That is why Catena-X has been
conceived from the outset as an open network with solutions ready for SMEs,
where these companies will be able to participate quickly and with little IT
infrastructure investment. Tractus-X is meant to be the PoC project of the
Catena-X alliance focusing on parts traceability.

* https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/automotive.tractusx

## Developer resources

Information regarding source code management, builds, coding standards, and
more.

* https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/automotive.tractusx/developer

The project maintains the source code repositories in the following GitHub organization:

* https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/

## Eclipse Development Process

This Eclipse Foundation open project is governed by the Eclipse Foundation
Development Process and operates under the terms of the Eclipse IP Policy.

* https://eclipse.org/projects/dev_process
* https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Eclipse_IP_Policy.pdf

## Eclipse Contributor Agreement

In order to be able to contribute to Eclipse Foundation projects you must
electronically sign the Eclipse Contributor Agreement (ECA).

* http://www.eclipse.org/legal/ECA.php

The ECA provides the Eclipse Foundation with a permanent record that you agree
that each of your contributions will comply with the commitments documented in
the Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO). Having an ECA on file associated with
the email address matching the "Author" field of your contribution's Git commits
fulfills the DCO's requirement that you sign-off on your contributions.

For more information, please see the Eclipse Committer Handbook:
https://www.eclipse.org/projects/handbook/#resources-commit

## Contact

Contact the project developers via the project's "dev" list.

* https://accounts.eclipse.org/mailing-list/tractusx-dev

Commit message:

docs(CONTRIBUTING.md): link to contribution details

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Eclipse Tractus-X

Thanks for your interest in this project.

## Project description

The companies involved want to increase the automotive industry's
competitiveness, improve efficiency through industry-specific cooperation and
accelerate company processes through standardization and access to information
and data. A special focus is also on SMEs, whose active participation is of
central importance for the network's success. That is why Catena-X has been
conceived from the outset as an open network with solutions ready for SMEs,
where these companies will be able to participate quickly and with little IT
infrastructure investment. Tractus-X is meant to be the PoC project of the
Catena-X alliance focusing on parts traceability.

* https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/automotive.tractusx

## Developer resources

Information regarding source code management, builds, coding standards, and
more.

* https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/automotive.tractusx/developer

The project maintains the source code repositories in the following GitHub organization:

* https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/

## Eclipse Development Process

This Eclipse Foundation open project is governed by the Eclipse Foundation
Development Process and operates under the terms of the Eclipse IP Policy.

* https://eclipse.org/projects/dev_process
* https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Eclipse_IP_Policy.pdf

## Eclipse Contributor Agreement

In order to be able to contribute to Eclipse Foundation projects you must
electronically sign the Eclipse Contributor Agreement (ECA).

* http://www.eclipse.org/legal/ECA.php

The ECA provides the Eclipse Foundation with a permanent record that you agree
that each of your contributions will comply with the commitments documented in
the Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO). Having an ECA on file associated with
the email address matching the "Author" field of your contribution's Git commits
fulfills the DCO's requirement that you sign-off on your contributions.

For more information, please see the Eclipse Committer Handbook:
https://www.eclipse.org/projects/handbook/#resources-commit

## How To Contribute

For more practical information, please refer to [Contribution details](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/portal-assets/blob/main/docs/developer/Technical%20Documentation/Dev%20Process/How%20to%20contribute.md).

## Contact

Contact the project developers via the project's "dev" list.

* https://accounts.eclipse.org/mailing-list/tractusx-dev
